Validation: Added Unique Descriptions (#1442)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/controls/how-to-create-access-keys-for-windows-forms-controls.md

  - "access keys [Windows Forms], Windows Forms"
  - "ALT key"
ms.assetid: 4faa0991-28ec-4eca-91db-51dc2cd6a7ac

> description: Learn how to create access keys for Windows Forms controls in order to combine Alt keys with access keys to create a single "click."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to create access keys for Windows Forms controls in order to create a keyboard shortcut using the Alt key to "click" a button."
```
